Remove confusing description from Body field in Logs Data Model (#3827)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification: specification/logs/data-model.md

### Field: `Body`

Type: any.
Type: [`any`](#type-any).

Description: A value containing the body of the log record (see the description
of `any` type above). Can be for example a human-readable string message
(including multi-line) describing the event in a free form or it can be a
structured data composed of arrays and maps of other values. First-party
Applications SHOULD use a string message. However, a structured body SHOULD be
used to preserve the semantics of structured logs emitted by Third-party

> Applications. Can vary for each occurrence of the event coming from the same

Reviewer: > However, a structured body SHOULD be used to preserve the semantics of structured logs emitted by Third-party Applications.

This is context which is important to retain. It explains _why_ the body has an any value type.

Author: How about adding a simplified sentence like this?

```
A structured body is used to preserve the semantics of structured logs emitted by the applications.
```

Author: PTAL c34f9ee

> source. This field is optional.

Reviewer 2: Instead of deleting this can we move it to README.md? I think it is still a good recommendation and README is a good place for this sort of guidelines.

Author: TBH I do not see why "First-party Applications SHOULD use a string message" is a good recommendation.

Author: PTAL c34f9ee

> structured logs emitted by the applications. This field is optional.

Reviewer 3: "Can vary for each occurrence of the event coming from the same source" -- any reason to remove this line? (is it because it is too obvious and no need to explicitly call out?

### Field: `Body`

> Type: [`any`](#type-any).

Reviewer 4: From an OTLP perspective is actually an AnyValue, so if we are going to clarify that it should be converted to the attributes rather than just support as `any`

Author: > so if we are going to clarify that it should be converted to the attributes

Sorry, but I do not follow. Can you please clarify? Why are you mentioning attributes here? It will be the work of OTLP exporter to convert `any` to OTLP's `AnyValue`.

Reviewer 5: Discussed with @MSNev today that the term attributes should not used in the context of `body` even though on the wire they look similar (repeated `KeyValue`), and he agrees. This comment can be resolved.

Description: A value containing the body of the log record (see the description
of `any` type above). Can be for example a human-readable string message
(including multi-line) describing the event in a free form or it can be a
structured data composed of arrays and maps of other values. A structured body

> is used to preserve the semantics of structured logs emitted by the applications.

Reviewer 6: maybe?

```suggestion
SHOULD be used to preserve the semantics of structured logs emitted by the applications.
```

Author: To whom SHOULD is referring to? The data model MUST represent as `any` which can represent structured data.

Reviewer 6: how about?

```suggestion
can be used to preserve the semantics of structured logs emitted by the applications.
```
